Oh
okay got it like an American or Canadian
sniper Canadian
it's not good just waiting for the shot
Cassidy no Cassady no look at the - okay
we got over yeah okay it's okay that
veins humble it's the same Rangers
really want to kill that guy my god it's
the above average intelligence brush
they'll never expect it shot got to be
very careful with the supply there's
gonna be fucking huge if I do it
yippee-ki-yay motherfuckers to to to to
to to to to to to
it's all going to come down to this
might want
or that
those ships my more successful sir but
I'm here I'm hit hard miss Cassidy no
fuck she got cut sir
sir Don I'm captain one man down one man
down captain
fuck he's dead fucking dead shit he's
invulnerable sir
Darla's cotton cotton captain oh shit
wombo combo yes motherfucking him indeed
we're back in business
and I have to avoid that you get
insecure
obviously
fuck I couldn't fucking get out of like
this CC laughs oh my god
how's a huge ah but there's no w fo ah
fuck I'm dead with blitz nothing our
play oh shit this is our buck in a
moment
they can't kill Sion shit's not good oh
that's good that's fine keep going keep
going jinx
fucked up burst rocket sir this is the
part in the anime where the guy is
superiority the entire shelf suddenly
realizes they're not invincible anymore